(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) This year,
summer has come again.
Geta, geta, geta, geta,
geta, geta, geta, geta,
geta, geta, get my hair's
flowing straight my big ass and sm
all ass 10 kg?
10 gloves?
Letdown Drip, drip, drip Letdown
Duzzle Disdown Dism
ay Reiko
's dark riddance of bashfulness
Get out of my way!
I did it!
The speedometer is now in the red
zone of 1 million revolutions!
It's powering up to 2 million
revolutions!
Hand-to-hand combat!
I'm scared!
It's dangerous!
Stop at the bend.
Look to the right and left to see
if a car is coming.
Make sure it's safe.
Got it?
Run!
Don't jump out!
I can't go.
Are you okay?
If we're late for our shift, R
yo-chan will be annoyed.
Reiko-chan!
Hello!
How's your uncle's fever?
His fever's gone down.
He'll be able to go to the
store in a few days.
It's hard for you to do it
alone.
Take care of yourself.
Take care!
Wait!
I'm always grateful to Reiko-
chan for taking care of me.
It's business, but take it.
Um...
I was told it was 12 o'clock,
but I'm completely late.
Here.
Thank you!
You're a good girl, Reiko-
chan.
There aren't many good-nature
d girls these days.
She's a good girl, and she's
special.
I can't replace her with my wife.
You're right.
Let's go, Grandma.
Okay.
If we take a detour, there's
a pedestrian bridge.
There are a lot of cars here, so
it'll be a hassle.
There's a traffic light here, so hold
on a little longer.
Hurry up!
Please wait a moment.
Yes, yes.
What is it?
Um...
That old lady waited a long time to
cross this bridge.
Hold on for about 30 seconds.
Okay.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Be careful.
That's great!
Reiko-san, could you come here
for a moment?
Huh?
I've been here every day for a
while.
I'm in front of the kindergarten.
I'm in front of the kindergarten, and
I've been told many times that it
's dangerous for children to be in the
shadow of a car.
It's right in the middle of the
pedestrian bridge.
It's cool.
The car with my number is parked in
front of the kindergarten.
So...
I'm waiting for you.
You're in a nearby repair factory.
You're coming, aren't you?
These people said the same thing yesterday.
It's all a lie.
Go home!
Here's your driver's license.
Give me a break.
I don't have a score anymore.
You're cute, old lady.
You don't have a driver's license.
You don't even move.
Do you think you can live here?
I don't care.
Get out of here!
Then I'll make you move.
Huh?
What's that?
It's supposed to be a pump for
jacking up.
If you raise the level to the maximum,
it will inflate anywhere.
On!
Hey, stop it!
I don't know how to stop it.
It's my first time using it.
What?
Darn it!
What's that?
What a sexy leg!
What a scary leg!
I can't let it go on like
this.
Of course.
Pay me back properly.
Oh, no!
Welcome back.
You're late!
I'm sorry, Ryo-chan.
The shift starts at noon.
It's already past 1 o'clock.
I'm sick and tired of waiting.
Which is more important, the patrol or my
life?
Even if you say that, you're there
at 4 or 6 o'clock.
Chief Ohara won't come to the
head office today.
He's always like that.
I'll go to the patrol.
Oh, I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
You never came back, so I couldn't
go out for lunch.
Don't boil the noodles too much.
Add more green onions.
I didn't forget the shift.
It was tough.
This and that.
One after another.
Hey, Reiko.
What's wrong, Ryo-chan?
Get me that newspaper.
Take it yourself.
Isn't it faster to take it yourself?
There's a bad guy in the office.
Even if I say it's a parking
violation, he doesn't listen at all.
He thinks it's rude, so he's
licking his head.
By the way, press on my back.
Lower, lower.
Not there.
There, there.
Press hard.
Yes, yes, yes.
Like this?
It's no good.
It doesn't work at all.
That's why he's licking his
head.
It doesn't matter.
What patrols need is the force that
comes out of their faces.
Your face doesn't have any force.
It's itchy.
Write it down there.
Here?
Yes, yes, yes.
Hey, are the noodles okay?
Don't put too much in.
It's okay.
Oh, it's itchy again.
Ouch!
What are you doing?
It's all about force at the end,
right?
Oh, how frustrating!
I'll hit you.
I'll run away.
What's that?
It's a special pillow for Ryo
-chan.
It's handmade.
What?
Ouch!
How's that?
Let's start the counterattack!
Realize the power of a man's
bottom!
You're mean!
You lost.
The real fight starts now.
If you can't use your strength, use
your endurance.
Come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on!
Oh, I got it.
That's enough.
I give up.
Not yet, not yet.
What a persistent woman.
Yes?
I saw the poster.
Huh?
Who are you calling?
You're Reiko, right?
Who are you?
Please go on a date with me.
What?
Who are you?
What's wrong with this number?
Because it's written on the poster.
What's that?
What's wrong?
I don't know.
It's a strange phone call about the
poster.
Hello?
Are you Reiko?
Who are you?
Would you like to go to the beach
with me?
I won't go.
Then, let's go to the mountains.
Go alone.
What's this?
It comes to my mind.
It's rude to go on a date
without an introduction.
What's the date?
Date?
Let me borrow it.
Reiko?
Yes.
Do you want to go on a date?
First, give me 5,000 yen as an
introduction.
If you say something stupid, I'll arrest
you.
Reiko.
There's a lot of this on the
table.
What's this?
Did they call me because of this?
It's a bad picture.
Who is this?
I took it off.
But it's still stuck to the wal
l.
It's a bad picture.
Do you know who it is?
Of course I don't know.
This is Naoko.
Answer me.
I found a suspicious large dump truck.
I'm currently following it.
I'm heading for Kameari.
Please support me.
The driver was wearing a poster of Re
iko.
Roger that.
I'll kill him with scissors.
It's terrible.
It's Reiko's big update.
They're both checking the signal.
That's great.
Reiko.
I was pulled away by the dump truck.
Can't you see it?
Is that it?
What?
Hurry up, Ryo.
What's going on?
Watch out.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
That's great.
Look.
I was pulled away by the dump truck.
Ouch.
I hurt my back.
I won't forgive you.
Reiko.
You're being reckless.
Put on your seat belt.
I'll report to the horse.
This is Ryo.
I'm currently following the dump truck.
The driver was wearing a poster of Re
iko.
Roger that.
I'll kill him with scissors.
You guys head straight for Midkaido.
That's why I told you to put
on your seat belt.
Don't move.
It's just like they said.
What happened, Reiko?
Listen, you guys.
The kids were about to be pulled away.
And...
What's your grudge?
I don't have a grudge.
Then why did you stick it all over
the town?
Reiko.
Look over there.
It's them.
Them?
Oh, no.
They found us.
They're coming.
I'll take care of the rest.
Okay.
Hurry up, Ryo.
What's going on?
That's the car that stopped in front
of the kindergarten.
It's a bunch of illegal parking.
But still, what a terrible car.
It's like a natural monument.
What's going on?
Why are you driving so fast?
Shut up!
Come on!
Don't let them get away!
If this is how it's going to
be, I'm going to break it down
even more.
Damn it.
You're a pain in the ass.
That's not a good way to do
it.
You're the one who's rough.
You broke my car for a little money.
If you have a good reason, why don
't you go back to school?
That's right.
That's enough.
Wait for me!
Calm down, Reiko.
I know how you feel, but the Min
ipet is just a 550cc light
car.
There's no way they can catch up
to a 2,000cc car.
Hey, they're still following us.
It's not just a light car.
It's not easy to go that far
in a light car.
Let's go into high speed.
That car can't go fast.
This is Reiko.
Yes, this is the Kamayari Park.
Kei, I have a favor to ask
you.
I can't see anything.
Hey, Reiko!
I'm going to lose.
Hurry up and stop the car!
Here it is!
Oh, it's an Audi Quattro.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I just got here yesterday.
This is a car that won the Monte
Carlo Rally.
The collector gave it to me for free.
Then I'll borrow it.
I didn't see it earlier, but something
strange is chasing us instead of the Min
ipet.
Hey, maybe they're...
Hey, Niku!
Go, go!
We're almost there!
Oh, what's wrong?
It's like a gas pipe.
I'm so frustrated!
What's wrong with you, Nakagawa?
If you hate gas, fill it up.
There's no gas station at high speed.
Gasoline Nikkei!
Reiko, slow down.
Kishiro, let's get it from
the Audi in the back.
What?
Damn it!
What are they doing?
I can't stand it!
One liter is 100 yen.
45 liters is 4,500 yen.
Reiko, give me 4,500 yen.
I don't need it!
You don't need it?
That means you don't need it.
Okay, I got the fishing line.
What's this?
Give me the money!
Reiko, hurry up!
Give me the fishing line!
My money!
Here it comes again.
I'm sick of it!
Damn it!
My money!
Reiko, go!
I'll forgive you!
Wait a minute!
The highway!
Don't reverse!
You're overdoing it, Reiko!
What?
It's impossible to go through the snow.
I wonder how far I can go in
this car.
Stop it, Reiko!
Even if it's an Audi, you can
't go through the snow with two cars.
Stop it!
No!
I'm sorry!
Help me!
I'm scared!
It's scary to look down on a
woman.
I can't let this guy turn into
an enemy.
It's okay to go up, but I
wonder how far it is.
Good morning.
I put on too much wax.
What happened to those two?
They fell in love with Reiko's
driving technique and decided to become her app
rentice.
It's been a while since I had
such a terrible feeling.
You guys should be careful of Reiko,
too.
Okay?
Ryo, did you call me?
Here's your tea.
Reiko, thank you for your delicious tea.
Thank you.
The weather is nice.
Be careful.
I know.
Oh, it's the old lady from before.
You're so kind.
You're welcome.
Reiko.
Oh, old lady.
What's wrong?
Actually, I have something to tell you.
What?
You're an old lady, too.
You're so kind.
Hey.
If you marry her, you'll get a
lot of money.
This year
is the year of the Olympics.
Speaking of the Olympics, it's the year
of the sun.
The sun is a sign of good luck.
He's a member of the 8th
division of the U.
S.
Marine Corps.
He wakes up once every four years.
But he has an amazing super power.
Next time on the Awaken, Private
Tommy!
Please look forward to it!
Please subscribe to my channel.